hi aunt Molly with just pause training
welcome back to just pause TV today
we're gonna do some product reviews
about the most popular things on the
market called brain teasers little
things that you feel to keep your dog
busy and occupied so I picked the three
most popular things that I've used and
I'd love to talk to you about it so
let's jump right into it so this is made
by premier products it's called the
kibble nibble so I don't know if you can
zoom in and see that looks like it holds
about two cups of food maybe even more
how this works is it has prongs on
either end here obviously you take this
out but what you do is screw this put
your dog food in back fida mobile meal
in this this is awesome big dogs is to
be great three up three to four cups of
food might fit in here so but a little
noisy not too noisy has a little bit of
this rubber coating on it so I like this
between one and five wagg so I'm going
to give this about a three I mean I do
like this it's heavy duty so if you had
a dog that was busy wanting to chew on
this this plastic is pretty hard however
it's kind of big and it can be a little
frustrating because of those prongs the
food doesn't automatically just dispense
i have found cutting some of those
little prongs makes difference so there
you go got your three wags on that
twenty dollars ladies and gentlemen
twenty dollars for this retail let's
move on to something called the Buster
cube this is the first thing that I saw
in the brain teaser world but that was
in the early 90s used to come and just
blew in red it's got these cute little
colors so hard plastic very heavy duty
again one hole you can make it easier or
harder there's a little way you can
change this inside again dog food goes
in their goal is to move it around this
is the problem now with all the hardwood
floors and the concrete floors this is
noisy this this is pretty noisy I mean
it might drive you nuts my god again hi
busy chewing dog Bravo ila this might be
good Jack Russell terrier I remember I
recommend this to those types of breeds
one in five legs I'm going to give it a
two I would just be driven nuts with
that
stick that noise so use it yourself and
see what your thoughts are okay let's
move that along moving on to the tricky
treat ball this is kind of the most
popular thing that's arrived on the
market since the rubber so this is how
quiet it is one hole in one hole where
you fill everything and then it spills
out this is easy effective fast any dog
can figure it out little puppies can
figure it out it is not to be confused
with a chew toy this is a mental
stimulation for the dog so don't leave
it down too long your dog might chew a
bigger hole in this so it comes in small
and large it's just these two colors
little ones um I don't know why I have
to save more of my cat clients have had
success with this putting cat nip in
there are some treat to lay them roll
around the treats just kind of fall out
of this one it's not as challenging as
this one so between one and five legs
this is one of my favorites you get a
big five wagg from me for this so that
is kind of the three things on the
market that I just wanted to quickly
bring to your attention and let you guys
know pick and choose tell me what you
like have you used any of these is there
something else that you have used give
me some feedback email me back my email
below and let me know but thanks for
joining me today it just pause TV and
look forward to seeing you out there